# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

I really enjoyed my first week at CodeWorks. The environment, and faculty members have been awesome. I am thankful that so far i've really been able to grasp a lot of the concepts during class. So far with HTML, CSS, and BS5, my main struggles were with positioning. I feel comfortable about filling out the page the way I want. Once I have all my images in, my main struggles begin. I understand padding and margin, but I feel I struggle with the boundaries of rows, and columns sometimes. I very much enjoy the designing process of the sites, and look forward to next week!

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

HTML, and CSS went very well. Bootstrap went well as well. I had a good week!

- What did you learn as a shock or surprise?

I have worked with HTML/CSS before so I was not surprised with anything there. I was happy to learn the frameworks of Bootstrap.

- What are you struggling with?

I wouldn't say i'm struggling with anything at the moment. I just need to put the reps in, and really get comfortable with everything.

- What would you count as a victory?

Being able to do anything I couldn't before. Waking up to the first alarm can be a victory to me. My goal is to put in the most effort I know I can give, and be a better coder than I was the day before. I only compare myself to well, myself. If a week goes by, and I know i'm better than I was a week before. That's a victory. 